

## Description

This is a client side server we use to power our web3 apps, written in Typescript with builds for win-x64, linux-x64, linux-arm, darwin-arm and darwin-x64. 
It is a simple server that exposes a suite of functions that the web app may use to persist user data in a decentralised user first way

Lethean dApps are built user first from the ground up, apps MUST conform to the following constraints.

- All data resides on the users local machine.
- All data is encrypted at rest.
- ALL data MUST be encrypted in transit with OpenPGP.
- ALL user ID's MUST be generated by the server.


## Developer functions

- `deno task run` - starts the server
- `deno task dev` - starts the server in dev mode
- `deno task build-all` - builds the server for all platforms
- `deno task build-amd-win` - builds the server for windows
- `deno task build-amd-linux` - builds the server for linux
- `deno task build-arm-linux` - builds the server for linux arm
- `deno task build-amd-darwin` - builds the server for mac
- `deno task build-arm-darwin` - builds the server for mac arm
- `deno task test` - runs the tests
- `deno task lint` - runs the linter

## Getting started

To get started with this project, you will need to have Deno installed on your machine. You can install Deno by following the instructions on the [Deno website](https://deno.land/).

Once you have Deno installed, you can clone this repository and run the following command to start the server:

```bash
deno task run
```
In your browser, open http://localhost:36911 to see the application running.

## API Documentation

API documentation is bundled with the server and can be accessed by visiting http://localhost:36911/api
